The field that you want to work in is specifically guided by how well
you did on the test. So basically you rate. So it's very important to
kind of, if you do want to work in a demanding field, to try to score
as high as you can. If you don't get the job you want when you tried
first tried, then before you join try to you know bump it up a
little bit you know, to try to get that job. So once you're in the military,
then there's gonna be a big range of jobs that you can do.
You can work in the library, you can work you know with electrical components,
at least for me as an Electrician's Mate I had a wide range
of things that I could do. So if you're trying to ask which job I
can do, which job can I apply for, a lot of it's kind of political.
A lot of it's well you know like we've known him for a while, he's
been on the ship for a long time so like he has a choice. Since you
just come to the ship then like this is the only job that we have for
you you know. You could be painting this deck or scrubbing this floor,
right that's the job that we have for you. But if you've been in
for a lot longer then you have a little bit of leeway in asking for
jobs, and again you know within your rate, it depends on how high
you score. So for instance there's going to be people who will be providing
work to other people who are going to be writing it down, writing
their job descriptions down and providing it. We need those people
to be some of the brightest so if you don't have a good work history,
then you might not be able to apply for for that job. So number
one try to score as high as possible, and number two try to learn
on the job as much as possible, and that's how you can get the best
job that you want.